
1) A program that takes in a user's Spotify data (you can download this from Spotify) to gague which songs a user should keep in their library and which they should delete. Uses an algorithm (basically a collection of if/and statements that we create) to decide whether a user won't miss the song if it's deleated based on data that Spotify gives, such as how often the song is played, when it was last played, etc.

2) App that finds the best way to dispose of something sustainibly for a user. Can be things like batteries or everyday plastics. Can take in Google Maps API and the API of a company like Recology.

3) App that figures out best place for an EV driver to recharge based on whether or not the parking spot is free or a paid spot, rate of break-ins, whether there are things to do/eat/purchase around the station, etc. Would need Google Maps API and could be combined with Yelp or a crime tracking app to put all these variables together.

4) This needs to be fleshed out more and may be too large for a singlw assignment, but it's a project I've been interested in for some time. Basically there is an investment class called an ESG, which stands for Environmental, Social, and Governance. It's a portfolio made up of things like municipal bonds, stocks from companies which have a neutral or positive effect on society (for example, tobacco companies or weapons manufacturers wouldn't be included in this portfolio), and other asset classes that do not affect society or the environment in a negative way. Many banks and investment firms have started marketing these, but they usually do contain assets that are tied to companies because there is no system to rate these portfolios. The idea for this app would be to create a rough program that rates these assets. We could use the API of a bank or investment firm and the API or data from a soruce that displays the net social good or bad a company is making on society.